#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.6
# To update, run:
#
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
#
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via black
astroid==1.6.5
    # via pylint
black==20.8b1
    # via -r requirements/testing.in
certifi==2017.11.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   black
    #   pip-tools
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage==4.5.1
    # via -r requirements/testing.in
dataclasses==0.8
    # via black
django==2.2.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-choices
    #   django-filter
    #   django-jenkins
    #   django-markup
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rest-framework-condition
    #   django-rosetta
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
    #   vng-api-common
django-admin-index==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-appconf==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-axes
django-axes==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-better-admin-arrayfield==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-choices==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   vng-api-common
django-compat==1.0.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-hijack-admin
django-cors-middleware==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-filter==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-filters
    #   vng-api-common
django-hijack==2.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-hijack-admin
django-hijack-admin==2.1.6
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-ipware==1.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-axes
django-jenkins==0.110.0
    # via -r requirements/jenkins.in
django-markup==1.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-ordered-model==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-admin-index
django-redis==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-relativedelta==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-rest-framework-condition==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   vng-api-common
django-rosetta==0.7.14
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-solo==1.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   vng-api-common
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   djangorestframework-filters
    #   drf-nested-routers
    #   drf-yasg
    #   vng-api-common
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   vng-api-common
djangorestframework-filters==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
drf-flex-fields==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
drf-nested-routers==0.93.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   vng-api-common
drf-writable-nested==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
drf-yasg==1.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   vng-api-common
factory-boy==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements/testing.in
faker==0.8.17
    # via factory-boy
freezegun==0.3.10
    # via -r requirements/testing.in
gemma-zds-client==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   vng-api-common
idna==2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==4.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pep517
inflection==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
iso-639==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   vng-api-common
isodate==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   vng-api-common
isort==5.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/testing.in
    #   pylint
itypes==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreschema
lazy-object-proxy==1.3.1
    # via astroid
markdown==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via pylint
microsofttranslator==0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rosetta
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
oyaml==0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   vng-api-common
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
pathspec==0.8.1
    # via black
pep517==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pip-tools
pep8==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements/testing.in
pip-tools==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
polib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-rosetta
psycopg2==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-relativedelta
pyjwt==1.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   vng-api-common
pylint==1.9.2
    # via -r requirements/testing.in
pyparsing==3.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
python-dotenv==0.8.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
pytz==2019.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   django-axes
pyyaml==5.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   oyaml
    #   vng-api-common
raven==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
redis==2.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-redis
regex==2020.11.13
    # via black
requests==2.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   django-rosetta
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   microsofttranslator
    #   requests-mock
    #   vng-api-common
requests-mock==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements/testing.in
ruamel.yaml==0.15.54
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-yasg
six==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   astroid
    #   django-compat
    #   django-markup
    #   django-rosetta
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   isodate
    #   microsofttranslator
    #   pylint
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
sqlparse==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
tblib==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements/testing.in
text-unidecode==1.2
    # via faker
toml==0.10.2
    # via black
tomli==1.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pep517
typed-ast==1.4.1
    # via black
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   black
    #   importlib-metadata
uritemplate==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.24.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
vng-api-common==1.7.7
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pip-tools
wrapt==1.10.11
    # via astroid
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   pep517

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
pip==21.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pip-tools
setuptools==59.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pip-tools
